Update INSTALL.md (#121)
crownstone/bluenet: docs/INSTALL.md

The `csutil` tool uses the Crownstone BLE library under the hood. That means that you can also setup hardware that is not attached to your machine. In that case make sure you have the right config values set (e.g. in `CMakeBuild.runtime.config`).

## Buiding on  Archlinux

> It is recommended to use a virtual machine (running Ubuntu ubuntu 18.04 or newer) for compiling/developing with Bluenet in archlinux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using virtual box

It is recommended to use a virtual machine (running Ubuntu ubuntu 20.04 or newer) for compiling/developing with Bluenet in archlinux.
```

Reviewer: Oh, it's spelled VirtualBox i see.

The user of the host machine has to be added to the vboxusers group. Log out and back in after running this command.

    sudo gpasswd -a m vboxusers

Also it is recommended to check if a J-Link programmer is correctly connected on the host machine.
    
    lsusb | grep J-Link
    

> Running these commands guest editions have to be installed on the Ubuntu virtual machine. Insert the guest editions into the VM by going to the bar menu and pressing Devices > Insert guest editions. Ubuntu should show a pop up to help you further.

Reviewer: "Running these commands guest editions have to be installed" is this a typo?

Reviewer: You could make it `Devices > Insert guest editions` to clarify what part is the "command".

After this setup go to the bar menu to Devices > USB > <J link name>. After selecting the J-link run the following command in the Ubuntu VM to check if the J-link correctly setup.
    
    lsusb | grep J-Link
    
For up to date info about virtualbox instalation it is recommended to look at the official documentation on the Arch Wiki.
https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/VirtualBox#Accessing_host_USB_devices_in_guest

> Except for compiling Bluenet in a virtual machine it should also be possible to install J-link in Arch linux with the "jlink-software-and-documentation" package in the AUR.

Reviewer: Can move this above the virtual box section.
